my name is Annette power and I would
like to introduce you to
micropigmentation and training in the
heart of London's Harley Street our aim
is to subtly enhance your facial
features so you wake up every day
looking fabulous and feeling confident
without the need to apply additional
makeup with precision cosmetic tattooing
we achieve naturally enhance hair stroke
eyebrows top and bottom subtle eyeliner
top and bottom strong eyeliner and
beautifully defined and blush lips the
great thing about semi-permanent makeup
is that the results are instant you come
in looking one way and you go out
looking better and it's virtually
pain-free because we use very strong
anesthetic cream my name is Margaret
Dean and I am a yoga teacher
I came to Annette powers because I
needed to have my makeup and my eyebrows
especially enhanced I am in front of
people all the time and I need to look
fresh and it was important for me to
have the right person do this and have
the right work done when I came to
Annette I was very impressed with her
work I was very impressed with her
professionalism the procedure itself was
painless
and my results really are wonderful I'm
very happy with how I feel in how I look
and I've had a lot of compliments on it
and I would recommend her to anyone in
addition to the beauty side of our
business we also offer medical tattooing
and scar camouflage and that helps men
as well as women with medical dish
conditions such as partial baldness
alopecia and those who have had surgery
accidents or burns we can camouflage
your scars hi my name is Karla and I
come turn neck because I was badly burnt
as a child when that gave me an eyebrow
she am evened out my lips and she
loosened up my skin on the side of my
face so I can actually move properly
well everyone's always used to stare at
my face
that they they noticed I was really
burnt but now it was just completely
that people don't really notice it as
much
just looks equal it's just I feel so
pretty and I just can't believe that and
there's actually done all this work on
my face in this just completely changed
it for any additional information on
anything that I have discussed please
contact us on our website
you